oh hey hey hey you know what if you
thought it was incredible getting a set
of the aging trout the other day you
just wait till we get a picture of papi
Mitchell get in a dirt box man Beverly
good to see you no seriously dude dude
it is a back door bonanza with that fits
just concerned
America's newest sweetheart man she
likes cotton candy and puffy yeah and
getting in the bunghole Wow no no
seriously dude
one shot of that dirty little slut might
be wearing the money homey in the
morning who says America is going to
Hale well not me come on let's move
now remember dude this is a covert op we
need to blend in
ninja-style follow my lead confident but
forgettable from here on out we're
ghosts yeah me and you we go stand out
oh this should be fuckin interests
[Music]
I can hear someone stay close and play
it cool it's not hard I don't care it it
smells like number two listen I gotta go
hey you see this paper bungalow this
come on they should be just past this
pool
they're right around this corner are you
ready to see America's Sweetheart
getting it in the sweetmeat wrong here
you take the camera she knows me dude
I'll keep looking I'm not releasing a
sex tape for at least three years unless
my agent tells me to what I thought this
I love you puppy I really want us to go
places I thought we could be the cutest
pink couple but it's just in you're 21
and I'm 24
we only say were teams for marketing
purposes there's someone watching uh
creepy creepy I got a camera oh shit
security come on
[Music]
the show coming after us so just sit
there tell that psycho slut damn
America's Sweetheart is one angry
straight line coming up is your chance
to get a good shot of her man you lock
the one hanging off this fucking truck
man is fuck your turkey pussy better
whoa what the hell man
that motherfucker's right on top of us
dawg I'm taking a shirt right
keep that camera
[Music]
you gotta not be missing the action back
there keep it steady she's still out
[Music]
screw this I'm going through the
construction site
man shit I hope just didn't just turn
into a snuff movie and whatever it's
just fine
I wipe the audio oh I can just see the
headlines now Bobby Mitchell crashes car
and truck fuel sex rampage another
luminate experience homie someone's got
to do it I really don't think so
hey look if you don't want to become
rich beyond your wildest dreams
while performing a vital public service
you won't meet me again but then again
you're not knitting no I am fucking it